---
layout: archive
title: Zulip Chat Archive
permalink: /stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting.html
---

<h2>Stream: <a href="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/stream/270676-lean4/index.html">lean4</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting.html">1st Lean Dev Update Meeting</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/">

<head><link href="/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

{% raw %}

<a name="285611263"></a>
<h4><a href="https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st%20Lean%20Dev%20Update%20Meeting/near/285611263" class="zl"><img src="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/assets/img/zulip2.png" alt="view this post on Zulip"></a> Leonardo de Moura <a href="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting.html#285611263">(Jun 10 2022 at 00:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>We are planning to have monthly dev update meetings from now on :) <br>
The goal of these meetings is:</p>
<ul>
<li>Announce new features.</li>
<li>Introduce new team members. Please come and meet <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="504487">@Sarah Smith</span> our new program manager.</li>
<li>Explain our roadmap.</li>
<li>Get feedback from <em>you</em>!</li>
</ul>
<p>Time: <time datetime="2022-06-15T15:00:00Z">2022-06-15T08:00:00-07:00</time> <br>
We will be using Microsoft Teams. <br>
You can join on your computer or mobile app using the link: <a href="https://teams.microsoft.com/l/meetup-join/19%3ameeting_MWRhYjgzZjgtOTFmNy00MzllLWFkMjctYjg3MDliMTI1MTA1%40thread.v2/0?context=%7b%22Tid%22%3a%2272f988bf-86f1-41af-91ab-2d7cd011db47%22%2c%22Oid%22%3a%2255de0542-d78b-4cde-913e-65215a57d62d%22%7d">https://teams.microsoft.com/l/meetup-join/19%3ameeting_MWRhYjgzZjgtOTFmNy00MzllLWFkMjctYjg3MDliMTI1MTA1%40thread.v2/0?context=%7b%22Tid%22%3a%2272f988bf-86f1-41af-91ab-2d7cd011db47%22%2c%22Oid%22%3a%2255de0542-d78b-4cde-913e-65215a57d62d%22%7d</a></p>
<p>We are looking forward to seeing you all there.</p>



<a name="285621655"></a>
<h4><a href="https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st%20Lean%20Dev%20Update%20Meeting/near/285621655" class="zl"><img src="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/assets/img/zulip2.png" alt="view this post on Zulip"></a> John Burnham <a href="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting.html#285621655">(Jun 10 2022 at 02:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>Just to clarify, these meetings are open for anyone in the community to attend? And is that 11am Pacific Time?</p>



<a name="285621936"></a>
<h4><a href="https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st%20Lean%20Dev%20Update%20Meeting/near/285621936" class="zl"><img src="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/assets/img/zulip2.png" alt="view this post on Zulip"></a> Julian Berman <a href="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting.html#285621936">(Jun 10 2022 at 02:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>I assume yes for the former given it was shared here publicly, but for the latter, you actually see the time in your own time zone (so it's 11 ET here which I assume you're in too.)</p>



<a name="285622084"></a>
<h4><a href="https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st%20Lean%20Dev%20Update%20Meeting/near/285622084" class="zl"><img src="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/assets/img/zulip2.png" alt="view this post on Zulip"></a> John Burnham <a href="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting.html#285622084">(Jun 10 2022 at 02:15)</a>:</h4>
<p>Oh, I see, the date has localization, thanks!</p>



<a name="285670982"></a>
<h4><a href="https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st%20Lean%20Dev%20Update%20Meeting/near/285670982" class="zl"><img src="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/assets/img/zulip2.png" alt="view this post on Zulip"></a> Leonardo de Moura <a href="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting.html#285670982">(Jun 10 2022 at 12:53)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="432681">John Burnham</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting/near/285621655">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>Just to clarify, these meetings are open for anyone in the community to attend? And is that 11am Pacific Time?</p>
</blockquote>
<p>Yes, they are open to anyone :)</p>



<a name="286239870"></a>
<h4><a href="https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st%20Lean%20Dev%20Update%20Meeting/near/286239870" class="zl"><img src="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/assets/img/zulip2.png" alt="view this post on Zulip"></a> Leonardo de Moura <a href="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting.html#286239870">(Jun 15 2022 at 16:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>Thanks to everybody that joined the meeting today. <br>
We would love to hear suggestions on how to make these meetings more effective in the future. Please post your ideas here. Thanks!</p>



<a name="286242637"></a>
<h4><a href="https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st%20Lean%20Dev%20Update%20Meeting/near/286242637" class="zl"><img src="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/assets/img/zulip2.png" alt="view this post on Zulip"></a> Arthur Paulino <a href="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting.html#286242637">(Jun 15 2022 at 17:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>First idea that comes to my mind is a platform for people to post questions without needing to worry about the visibility on the (tight) chat widget</p>



<a name="286243083"></a>
<h4><a href="https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st%20Lean%20Dev%20Update%20Meeting/near/286243083" class="zl"><img src="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/assets/img/zulip2.png" alt="view this post on Zulip"></a> Henrik Böving <a href="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting.html#286243083">(Jun 15 2022 at 17:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>I couldn't make it today sadly, will there be a recording? If not that's my suggestion :p</p>



<a name="286245332"></a>
<h4><a href="https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st%20Lean%20Dev%20Update%20Meeting/near/286245332" class="zl"><img src="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/assets/img/zulip2.png" alt="view this post on Zulip"></a> Leonardo de Moura <a href="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting.html#286245332">(Jun 15 2022 at 17:23)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="451983">Arthur Paulino</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting/near/286242637">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>First idea that comes to my mind is a platform for people to post questions without needing to worry about the visibility on the (tight) chat widget</p>
</blockquote>
<p>We will try to find a better platform. Any suggestions?</p>



<a name="286245399"></a>
<h4><a href="https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st%20Lean%20Dev%20Update%20Meeting/near/286245399" class="zl"><img src="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/assets/img/zulip2.png" alt="view this post on Zulip"></a> Leonardo de Moura <a href="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting.html#286245399">(Jun 15 2022 at 17:23)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="395550">Henrik Böving</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting/near/286243083">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>I couldn't make it today sadly, will there be a recording? If not that's my suggestion :p</p>
</blockquote>
<p>Great suggestion. My mistake. I completely forgot to press the record button :( I will make sure I do not forget next time.</p>



<a name="286248930"></a>
<h4><a href="https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st%20Lean%20Dev%20Update%20Meeting/near/286248930" class="zl"><img src="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/assets/img/zulip2.png" alt="view this post on Zulip"></a> Arthur Paulino <a href="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting.html#286248930">(Jun 15 2022 at 17:51)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="112857">Leonardo de Moura</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting/near/286245332">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>We will try to find a better platform. Any suggestions?</p>
</blockquote>
<p><a href="https://www.sli.do/">sli.do</a> is a rather common pick</p>



<a name="286249097"></a>
<h4><a href="https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st%20Lean%20Dev%20Update%20Meeting/near/286249097" class="zl"><img src="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/assets/img/zulip2.png" alt="view this post on Zulip"></a> Mario Carneiro <a href="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting.html#286249097">(Jun 15 2022 at 17:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>How about a stream?</p>



<a name="286249229"></a>
<h4><a href="https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st%20Lean%20Dev%20Update%20Meeting/near/286249229" class="zl"><img src="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/assets/img/zulip2.png" alt="view this post on Zulip"></a> Mario Carneiro <a href="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting.html#286249229">(Jun 15 2022 at 17:53)</a>:</h4>
<p>public but not default subscribed</p>



<a name="286249798"></a>
<h4><a href="https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st%20Lean%20Dev%20Update%20Meeting/near/286249798" class="zl"><img src="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/assets/img/zulip2.png" alt="view this post on Zulip"></a> Arthur Paulino <a href="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting.html#286249798">(Jun 15 2022 at 17:57)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="110049">Mario Carneiro</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting/near/286249097">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>How about a stream?</p>
</blockquote>
<p>How can a stream handle the level of interactivity that a meeting offers? From what I understood, it's desirable that audience members can jump in and speak out too</p>



<a name="286249918"></a>
<h4><a href="https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st%20Lean%20Dev%20Update%20Meeting/near/286249918" class="zl"><img src="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/assets/img/zulip2.png" alt="view this post on Zulip"></a> Mario Carneiro <a href="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting.html#286249918">(Jun 15 2022 at 17:58)</a>:</h4>
<p>Rust does all its meetings over zulip</p>



<a name="286250001"></a>
<h4><a href="https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st%20Lean%20Dev%20Update%20Meeting/near/286250001" class="zl"><img src="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/assets/img/zulip2.png" alt="view this post on Zulip"></a> Mario Carneiro <a href="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting.html#286250001">(Jun 15 2022 at 17:58)</a>:</h4>
<p>but I think it would work even if it is hybrid with a zoom meeting for the presenter</p>



<a name="286250128"></a>
<h4><a href="https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st%20Lean%20Dev%20Update%20Meeting/near/286250128" class="zl"><img src="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/assets/img/zulip2.png" alt="view this post on Zulip"></a> Mario Carneiro <a href="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting.html#286250128">(Jun 15 2022 at 17:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>it will be harder to follow after the fact though if it's not entirely on one platform</p>



<a name="286250260"></a>
<h4><a href="https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st%20Lean%20Dev%20Update%20Meeting/near/286250260" class="zl"><img src="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/assets/img/zulip2.png" alt="view this post on Zulip"></a> Mario Carneiro <a href="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting.html#286250260">(Jun 15 2022 at 18:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>one way around that would be for the presenter to put zulip questions on screen while answering them</p>



<a name="286250324"></a>
<h4><a href="https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st%20Lean%20Dev%20Update%20Meeting/near/286250324" class="zl"><img src="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/assets/img/zulip2.png" alt="view this post on Zulip"></a> Mario Carneiro <a href="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting.html#286250324">(Jun 15 2022 at 18:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>so that way you would get the full experience if you watched it after the fact</p>



<a name="286250603"></a>
<h4><a href="https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st%20Lean%20Dev%20Update%20Meeting/near/286250603" class="zl"><img src="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/assets/img/zulip2.png" alt="view this post on Zulip"></a> Julian Berman <a href="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting.html#286250603">(Jun 15 2022 at 18:02)</a>:</h4>
<p>Perhaps another small suggestion is publishing the meetings to a (subscribeable) calendar. I completely forgot about it :P</p>



<a name="286251497"></a>
<h4><a href="https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st%20Lean%20Dev%20Update%20Meeting/near/286251497" class="zl"><img src="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/assets/img/zulip2.png" alt="view this post on Zulip"></a> Gabriel Ebner <a href="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting.html#286251497">(Jun 15 2022 at 18:08)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="110049">Mario Carneiro</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting/near/286249097">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>How about a stream?</p>
</blockquote>
<p>Or even just a topic in the #lean4 stream.  That is great for visibility of the meeting, and the chat log is easily accessible for later reference.  I'm happy whenever a conference has a hybrid zulip/zoom model.</p>



<a name="286251682"></a>
<h4><a href="https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st%20Lean%20Dev%20Update%20Meeting/near/286251682" class="zl"><img src="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/assets/img/zulip2.png" alt="view this post on Zulip"></a> Mario Carneiro <a href="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting.html#286251682">(Jun 15 2022 at 18:10)</a>:</h4>
<p>The main reason to avoid #lean4 stream is if the meeting notes are too disjointed to be useful by people who aren't participating. If it's just a once-a-month meeting which is expected to be of general interest then it's probably fine</p>



<a name="286253130"></a>
<h4><a href="https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st%20Lean%20Dev%20Update%20Meeting/near/286253130" class="zl"><img src="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/assets/img/zulip2.png" alt="view this post on Zulip"></a> Henrik Böving <a href="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting.html#286253130">(Jun 15 2022 at 18:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>Maybe we could have a separate stream with one topic per meeting where people can put in their questions? That way they would be more easily discoverable than when they are just yet another topic in #lean4</p>



<a name="286253213"></a>
<h4><a href="https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st%20Lean%20Dev%20Update%20Meeting/near/286253213" class="zl"><img src="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/assets/img/zulip2.png" alt="view this post on Zulip"></a> Henrik Böving <a href="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting.html#286253213">(Jun 15 2022 at 18:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>Ah mario already said that, silly scrolling.</p>



<a name="286299741"></a>
<h4><a href="https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st%20Lean%20Dev%20Update%20Meeting/near/286299741" class="zl"><img src="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/assets/img/zulip2.png" alt="view this post on Zulip"></a> Siddhartha Gadgil <a href="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting.html#286299741">(Jun 16 2022 at 02:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>Thanks for the meeting. I found it very helpful. <br>
My two cents: I found Teams a very good platform for this (maybe familiarity having taught online at our Institute on Teams).</p>



<a name="287238652"></a>
<h4><a href="https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st%20Lean%20Dev%20Update%20Meeting/near/287238652" class="zl"><img src="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/assets/img/zulip2.png" alt="view this post on Zulip"></a> Gabriel Ebner <a href="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting.html#287238652">(Jun 23 2022 at 19:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>It might also be good to post the slides somewhere for future reference.  (I hope I didn't miss a link somewhere.)</p>



<a name="287246815"></a>
<h4><a href="https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st%20Lean%20Dev%20Update%20Meeting/near/287246815" class="zl"><img src="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/assets/img/zulip2.png" alt="view this post on Zulip"></a> Leonardo de Moura <a href="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting.html#287246815">(Jun 23 2022 at 20:45)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="110043">Gabriel Ebner</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting/near/287238652">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>It might also be good to post the slides somewhere for future reference.  (I hope I didn't miss a link somewhere.)</p>
</blockquote>
<p>Great suggestion. They are available here: <a href="http://leanprover.github.io/talks/lean-update-2022-06-15.pdf">http://leanprover.github.io/talks/lean-update-2022-06-15.pdf</a></p>



<a name="287261679"></a>
<h4><a href="https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st%20Lean%20Dev%20Update%20Meeting/near/287261679" class="zl"><img src="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/assets/img/zulip2.png" alt="view this post on Zulip"></a> Henrik Böving <a href="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting.html#287261679">(Jun 23 2022 at 21:37)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="112857">Leonardo de Moura</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting/near/287246815">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="110043">Gabriel Ebner</span> <a href="#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting/near/287238652">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>It might also be good to post the slides somewhere for future reference.  (I hope I didn't miss a link somewhere.)</p>
</blockquote>
<p>Great suggestion. They are available here: <a href="http://leanprover.github.io/talks/lean-update-2022-06-15.pdf">http://leanprover.github.io/talks/lean-update-2022-06-15.pdf</a></p>
</blockquote>
<p>Since I'm seeing the "LeanInk + Doc-Gen4 + ???" there but couldn't attend, were there some suggestions regarding the <code>???</code> part?^^</p>



<a name="287267091"></a>
<h4><a href="https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st%20Lean%20Dev%20Update%20Meeting/near/287267091" class="zl"><img src="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/assets/img/zulip2.png" alt="view this post on Zulip"></a> Leonardo de Moura <a href="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting.html#287267091">(Jun 23 2022 at 22:30)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="395550">@Henrik Böving</span> I am very grateful you are already investigating this integration. When I wrote "???", my intention was "???" = "whatever the person leading the effort needs to do to make it awesome".</p>



<a name="289635501"></a>
<h4><a href="https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st%20Lean%20Dev%20Update%20Meeting/near/289635501" class="zl"><img src="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/assets/img/zulip2.png" alt="view this post on Zulip"></a> Arthur Paulino <a href="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting.html#289635501">(Jul 14 2022 at 19:08)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hey the next meeting is not going to be tomorrow, right? Just asking because the previous one was ~30 days ago</p>



<a name="289661222"></a>
<h4><a href="https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st%20Lean%20Dev%20Update%20Meeting/near/289661222" class="zl"><img src="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/assets/img/zulip2.png" alt="view this post on Zulip"></a> Mac <a href="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting.html#289661222">(Jul 14 2022 at 22:58)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="451983">@Arthur Paulino</span> No, Leo is planning on doing it after the ICERM after-party -- either the week of July 25, or first week of August.</p>



<a name="289661258"></a>
<h4><a href="https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st%20Lean%20Dev%20Update%20Meeting/near/289661258" class="zl"><img src="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/assets/img/zulip2.png" alt="view this post on Zulip"></a> Arthur Paulino <a href="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/stream/270676-lean4/topic/1st.20Lean.20Dev.20Update.20Meeting.html#289661258">(Jul 14 2022 at 22:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>Alright, as I suspected. Thanks!</p>



{% endraw %}

<hr><p>Last updated: Jan 25 2023 at 00:06 UTC</p>